Amy Chan
Reflections, ideas, and planning;

1. As a result of listening to other students, I am interested in creating an app that could either
benefit someone's productivity or serve as something t hepl accountability, with features to 
encourage socialization as well.

2. From my experience and what I have seen, most apps are free to download with additional / optional 
features that can be purchased through in app purchases. I think that it encourages users to download
the app or they may be more inclined to try it out since they do not need to pay for it, and they can 
try out the basic features of the app. Once they have used it for a while, they may be interested in
additional features to upgrade/enhance their experience.

3. Webtoon is an app that I would consider to have excellent UI/UX. To describe it briefly, it is an
app from the Webtoon publisher in South Korea, and they publish webcomics. The home page is attractive
while also useful because it has a rotating banner of various webcomics that are currently being promoted,
and it also shows the various webcomics that a user has followed and notifies them of recent updates. It
has many useful features; for example, while scrolling to read a chapter, a user may want to continue
reading on to the next chapter. To do this, there is a button that will allow the user to proceed to it. 
However, there is a feature where if the user has reached the end of the page and cannot scroll any further,
they can swipe up from the bottom of the screen to proceed to the next chapter instead of pressing a button.
Although this seems simple, the gesture feels very natural and intuitive, and makes the reading experience
flow together since the user will make the same/similar motions while scrolling and reading.

4. At the moment, I am most interested in creating an app that encourages maintaining a regular sleep schedule. 
I know that a similar app exists so I am not sure if I will stay with this idea, but I do think it will be fun to 
create. However, I am still considering and brainstorming other ideas.